Talk about spinning (#381)
ros-industrial/industrial_training: gh_pages/_source/session1/ros2/3-Creating-a-ROS-Package-and-Node.md

   * To use a different logging level, replace INFO in `RCLCPP_INFO` or `RCLCPP_INFO_STREAM` with the appropriate level.
   * Use `RCLCPP_INFO` for printf-style logging, and `RCLCPP_INFO_STREAM` for cout-style logging.

>    `rclcpp::spin(node)` instructs the ROS2 [executor instance](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Concepts/About-Executors.html) to tell your node about any activity on subscribed topics or requested service connections. Without it, your callback functions won't ever run. Don't worry if some of this language doesn't yet make sense, we'll cover topics and services in the next sections.

Reviewer: I feel like we could probably get the value of this line without getting too technical here.  I like the link though.  Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
   `rclcpp::spin(node)` instructs the node to listen for any activity on subscribed topics or requested service connections. Without it, your callback functions won't ever run. Don't worry if some of this language doesn't yet make sense, we'll cover topics and services in the next sections. (More technical details [here](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Concepts/About-Executors.html).)
```
